Change autocomplete documentation for fish (#114)
kubecolor/kubecolor: README.md

#### fish

Fish completion is officially supported by `kubectl`.

> If you did not install `kubectl` with `homebrew` (`homebrew` will auto enable autocompletion), make sure the following line is in your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:

Reviewer: This note about homebrew is correct, but it's too specific as some of the other package repos also set up completions.

Maybe phrase it more general like:

```suggestion
To begin with, if you don't already have `kubectl` completion working, make sure the following line is in your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:
```

```fish
kubectl completion fish | source
```

To enable autocompletion for kubecolor, add the following function to your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:

```fish
function kubecolor --wraps kubectl
  command kubecolor $argv
end
```

If you want to substitute your `kubectl` with `kubecolor`, then also add the following function to your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:

```fish
function kubectl --wraps kubectl
  command kubecolor $argv
end
```

If you want to use an alias like `k` for `kubecolor`, then also add the following function to your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:

```fish
function k --wraps kubectl
  command kubecolor $argv
end

> ```

Reviewer: nitpick: This is very explicit, but due to the repetition it gets a bit difficult to read.

What about merging these all into the same code block?

(I can't add a review code suggestion because GitHub says "Applying suggestions on deleted lines is not supported.", so here's just a normal suggestion instead)

````markdown
To enable completions for `kubecolor`, add the following function to your `~/.config/fish/config.fish` file:

```fish
# reuse "kubectl" completions on "kubecolor"
function kubecolor --wraps kubectl
  command kubecolor $argv
end

# adds alias for "kubectl" to "kubecolor" with completions
function kubectl --wraps kubectl
  command kubecolor $argv
end

# adds alias for "k" to "kubecolor" with completions
function k --wraps kubectl
  command kubecolor $argv
end
```
````

Fish completion is officially unsupported by `kubectl`, so it is unsupported by `kubecolor` as well.

However, there is a way we can make them work. Please keep in mind these are a kind of "hack" and not officially supported.

> 1. Install `kubectl` completions (https://github.com/evanlucas/fish-kubectl-completions):

Reviewer: This project is a bit old by now, and according to #87 we possibly don't even need any extensions for fish support.

I haven't gotten to tackle #87, but maybe since you're at it, could you look into if we could skip the `fisher install` step completely?

Author: I was not aware of this, this is indeed a preferred solution and is working great!
